Go Won: My hair is getting messy because of HeeJin!
Go Won: Sit down!
(HeeJin just pretending to sit down!)
Go Won: Hey, you!
Go Won: Get lower!
(There is a resemblance between them)
HeeJin: Do we look alike?
Go Won: But look, Kim Lip seems to not agree with us~
Kim Lip: Look alike? Serious?
Kim Lip: Oh, right. Their teeth look alike~
HeeJin: Because we born in 2000~
Go Won: Yeah
Kim LIp: You guys really don't put me in?
Go Won: You had to born 2000, not 1999!
HeeJin: Right, you had to born just one year later~
(Here comes the girls who born 2001)
Choerry: We can do it well today, right?
Olivia Hye: Sure~
Olivia Hye: And Choerry will sing my song 'Rosy'
Olivia Hye: with other members of ODD EYE CIRCLE
Choery: Right. I will sing that instead of you~
Olivia Hye: Okay...
HaSeul: It's a blur party!
(It took hours to blur people because of the mirrors all around)
HaSeul: There are a lot of blurred people!
HaSeul: I heard someone call me
(Someone calling HaSeul!)
YeoJin: Please help me to do it!
HaSeul: Did you come a long way because of just this? Really?
(Anyway, all the members are doing their best to prepare the rehearsal!)
Chuu: Hello~